XBee Beacon Scan Sample Application (SEE LICENSE NOTICE)
===================================

This example is part of Digi's XBee Beacon Scan demo. It involves generating a
custom beacon or iBeacon using a smartphone running the XBee Mobile application
and scanning for it with an XBee device.

The MicroPython application scans for BLE advertisements, specifically
targeting iBeacons and custom Digi BLE advertisements generated by the Digi
XBee Mobile application. When the application detects these advertisements, it
prints out the information about the iBeacon or custom Digi BLE advertisement.

**Note:** This demo is available as part of the 'XBee Beacon Scan' Quick Setup
in **XBee Studio**. For optimal functionality, we recommend flashing the
application onto the XBee device using the Quick Setup feature of XBee Studio.
This approach ensures that all necessary configuration parameters for the XBee
device are correctly set up. Direct flashing from PyCharm may omit these
crucial configuration steps.

**DEVELOPER IS RESPONSIBLE FOR OBTAINING THE NECESSARY LICENSES FROM APPLE.
iBeacon(TM) is a trademark of Apple Inc. and use of this code must comply with
their licence.**

Requirements
------------

To run this example you need:

* One XBee radio module with Bluetooth and MicroPython support.
* One **XBIB-C** carrier board for the radio module.
* XBee Studio application, version 6.4.2 or newer
  (available at https://www.digi.com/xbee-studio).
* An Android or iOS device with either:
  * The Digi XBee Mobile application, available from Google Play or
    the App Store

Setup
-----

Make sure the hardware is set up correctly:

1. Plug the XBee radio module into the XBee adapter of the XBIB-C board and
   connect it to your computer's USB port.

2. Apply the **XBee Beacon Scan** Quick Setup to your XBee device using the
   'Quick Setup' feature of XBee Studio. For further information on how to
   perform this task, refer to the XBee Studio user manual.

Run
---

The example is pre-configured, so all you need to do is build and launch the
project.

To test the demo using the Digi XBee Mobile app, follow these steps:
1. Launch the Digi XBee Mobile app and tap **Get Started**.
2. On the Get Started page, select **XBee Beacon Scan**.
3. Tap the **Configure frame** option in the second step.
4. Select the type of beacon (Custom beacon or iBeacon)
5. Fill in all the beacon options and tap **START ADVERTISING**.
6. After a few seconds, the MicroPython application should find the beacon and
   display the information about it:

```
- Custom Digi beacon found: 02010219ffdb0258426565204d6f62696c652041707020426561636f6e
  - Source address: 58:4e:83:98:af:4a
  - Text: XBee Mobile App Beacon
  - RSSI: -45

OR

- iBeacon found: 0201021aff4c000215b600dbfbc73e44ada6baaa8fce47444500640001c8
  - Source address: 4e:52:eb:cd:ad:da
  - UUID: b600dbfbc73e44ada6baaa8fce474445
  - Major: 100
  - Minor: 1
  - Tx power: 200
  - RSSI: -57
```

Required libraries
--------------------

* iBeacon

Supported platforms
-------------------

* Digi XBee3 Zigbee 3 - minimum firmware version: 1006
* Digi XBee3 802.15.4 - minimum firmware version: 2004
* Digi XBee3 DigiMesh 2.4 - minimum firmware version: 3003
* Digi XBee3 Cellular LTE-M/NB-IoT - minimum firmware version: 11410
* Digi XBee3 Cellular LTE Cat 1 - minimum firmware version: x10
* Digi XBee 3 Global LTE-M/NB-IoT - minimum firmware version: x18
* Digi XBee 3 Global LTE Cat 1 - minimum firmware version: 11519
* Digi XBee 3 North America LTE Cat 1 - minimum firmware version: 41519
* Digi XBee BLU - minimum firmware version: 4000

License
-------

Copyright (c) 2024,2025, Digi International, Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
