samples/xbee/communication/relay_frames_led/README.md, before:

Relay Frames LED Sample Application
===================================

This example demonstrates the usage of the User Data Relay frames API by giving
an example of how to read a relay frame and turn on/off an LED.

The example waits for a User Data Relay, parses it and turns on or off the
On/Sleep LED depending on the data received (`'ON'` or `'OFF'`).

Requirements
------------

To run this example you need:

* One XBee3 radio module with MicroPython support.
* One carrier board for the radio module (XBIB-U-DEV or XBIB-C board).
* The XCTU application, version 6.4.2 or newer
  (available at www.digi.com/xctu).

Setup
-----

Make sure the hardware is set up correctly:

1. Plug the XBee3 radio module into the XBee adapter and connect it to your
   computer's USB port.

Run
---

The example is already configured, so all you need to do is build and launch
the project. Once the application is running (application header is displayed
in the XBee REPL console), execute the following steps to test it:

1. Disconnect the XBee REPL console.
2. Open XCTU application and add your XBee device to the list of radio modules.
3. Change the operating mode of the module to **API** by configuring the **AP**
   setting with **1**.
4. Switch to the **Consoles** working mode and open the serial connection with
   the module so you can see frames when they are received.
5. Create and add a frame to the **Send Frames** list using the **Frames
   Generator** tool with the following parameters:

       - Frame type:       0x2D - User Data Relay
       - Frame ID:         01
       - Dest. interface:  MicroPython [02]
       - RF data (ASCII):  ON

6. Send the frame generated by selecting it and clicking the **Send selected
   Frame** button.
7. Verify that the On/Sleep LED of the XBee carrier board is on.
8. Create and add a frame to the **Send Frames** list using the **Frames
   Generator** tool with the following parameters:

       - Frame type:       0x2D - User Data Relay
       - Frame ID:         01
       - Dest. interface:  MicroPython [02]
       - RF data (ASCII):  OFF

9. Send the frame generated by selecting it and clicking the **Send selected
   Frame** button.
10. Verify that the On/Sleep LED of the XBee carrier board is off.

When finished, restore the operating mode of the module to **MicroPython**
by configuring the **AP** setting with **4** using XCTU.

Supported platforms
-------------------

* Digi XBee3 Zigbee 3 - minimum firmware version: 1006
* Digi XBee3 802.15.4 - minimum firmware version: 2004
* Digi XBee3 DigiMesh 2.4 - minimum firmware version: 3003
* Digi XBee3 Cellular LTE-M/NB-IoT - minimum firmware version: 11410
* Digi XBee3 Cellular LTE Cat 1 - minimum firmware version: x10
* Digi XBee Cellular 3G - minimum firmware version: 1130B
* Digi XBee Cellular LTE Cat 1 - minimum firmware version: 100B
* Digi XBee 3 Global LTE-M/NB-IoT - minimum firmware version: x18
* Digi XBee 3 Global LTE Cat 1 - minimum firmware version: 11519
* Digi XBee 3 North America LTE Cat 1 - minimum firmware version: 41519
* Digi XBee BLU - minimum firmware version: 4000

License
-------

Copyright (c) 2019-2024, Digi International, Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

samples: update README files to use XBee Studio instead of XCTU
Signed-off-by: Ruben Moral <ruben.moral@digi.com>

samples/xbee/communication/relay_frames_led/README.md, after:

Relay Frames LED Sample Application
===================================

This example demonstrates the usage of the User Data Relay frames API by giving
an example of how to read a relay frame and turn on/off an LED.

The example waits for a User Data Relay, parses it and turns on or off the
On/Sleep LED depending on the data received (`'ON'` or `'OFF'`).

Requirements
------------

To run this example you need:

* One XBee3 radio module with MicroPython support.
* One carrier board for the radio module (XBIB-U-DEV or XBIB-C board).
* Digi XBee Studio (available at www.digi.com/xbee-studio).

Setup
-----

Make sure the hardware is set up correctly:

1. Plug the XBee3 radio module into the XBee adapter and connect it to your
   computer's USB port.

Run
---

The example is already configured, so all you need to do is build and launch
the project. Once the application is running (application header is displayed
in the XBee REPL console), execute the following steps to test it:

1. Disconnect the XBee REPL console.
2. Open XBee Studio and wait until your XBee device is discovered.
3. Click on it and change its operating mode to **API** using the
   **Operating mode** quick action.
4. In the left menu, go to the **XBee Console** page and open the connection
   with the module so you can see frames when they are received.
5. Create and add an API frame to the **Send data** list with the following
   parameters:

       - Frame type:       0x2D - User Data Relay
       - Frame ID:         01
       - Dest. interface:  MicroPython [02]
       - RF data (ASCII):  ON

6. Send the packet generated by selecting it and clicking the **Send selected
   packet** button.
7. Verify that the On/Sleep LED of the XBee carrier board is on.
8. Create and add a frame to the **Send data** list with the following
   parameters:

       - Frame type:       0x2D - User Data Relay
       - Frame ID:         01
       - Dest. interface:  MicroPython [02]
       - RF data (ASCII):  OFF

9. Send the packet generated by selecting it and clicking the **Send selected
   packet** button.
10. Verify that the On/Sleep LED of the XBee carrier board is off.

When finished, restore the operating mode of the module to **MicroPython**
using the **Operating mode** quick action of XBee Studio.

Supported platforms
-------------------

* Digi XBee3 Zigbee 3 - minimum firmware version: 1006
* Digi XBee3 802.15.4 - minimum firmware version: 2004
* Digi XBee3 DigiMesh 2.4 - minimum firmware version: 3003
* Digi XBee3 Cellular LTE-M/NB-IoT - minimum firmware version: 11410
* Digi XBee3 Cellular LTE Cat 1 - minimum firmware version: x10
* Digi XBee Cellular 3G - minimum firmware version: 1130B
* Digi XBee Cellular LTE Cat 1 - minimum firmware version: 100B
* Digi XBee 3 Global LTE-M/NB-IoT - minimum firmware version: x18
* Digi XBee 3 Global LTE Cat 1 - minimum firmware version: 11519
* Digi XBee 3 North America LTE Cat 1 - minimum firmware version: 41519
* Digi XBee BLU - minimum firmware version: 4000

License
-------

Copyright (c) 2019-2025, Digi International, Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
